General Instructions

Please make sure to ask or write down whatever assumptions you make when you write the code.

Typescript is the preferred language for submission (If you have any issue with TS and prefer some other language please check with us first). 

Submission is most comfortable using a private github repo. Please add the following github users as collaborators:

kobibarhanin

adieado


Challenge Description

In this code challenge you are required to write an API with 2 endpoints:

 A word-counter endpoint

 A word-statistics' endpoint


The word-counter endpoint:

Receives a text input and counts the number of appearances for each word in the input.

The endpoint should not return data (but you may return success status, etc).

The endpoint should be able to accept the input in 3 ways:

A simple string sent in the request.

A file path (the contents of the file will be used as input).

A URL (the data returned from the URL will be used as input).

The input may be very large (up to tens of gigabytes).

The results (the number of appearances of each word) should be persisted between runs, to be used by the 'word statistics' service. (ie - if we shut down the server and restart it, results should be saved).


The word-statistics endpoint:

Receives a word and returns the number of times the word appeared so far (in all previous calls).


Examples


Word counter endpoint:

Input string: "Hi! My name is (what?), my name is (who?), my name is Slim Shady"

Output: (ok)


Word statistics endpoint:

input: "my"

output: 3

input: "what"

output: 1

input: "hello"

output: 0


Notes:

Add a short 'readme' with How to install and run / API documentation / request examples.

Communicate any assumptions you make regarding the input.

We'll be testing your server with large urls / input files (> 1GB), so performance should be reasonable.

Try to use a low footprint (i.e. no database needed for this).

Be case insensitive (i.e. "Be" and "be" are the same word).

Mid word dashes, commas and digits could be cleaned up (i.e. me2 could count as me)

Lastly - please be sure to take into account all the aspects of high standard coding:

Code modeling and readability.

OOP.

Runtime efficiency.

Data consistency and integrity.

Error handling.

Edge cases handling.

Anything you believe to be important (we are a startup, with us it’s mostly about making your own tasks live up to your own standards)


Good luck!

Adi and Kobi